it's Wednesday January 8 coming up live
the juicing smoothie
the stars use to keep verifies beautiful
well it all starts
love you
if you read the headlines and the
celebrities who swear by them juices and
smoothies are magic potions that will
make us all fin and hot but we're
getting the real deal right now from the
author of the juice generation Eric
Helms welcome thank you now are you
telling people to replace their meals
with juicy or can you no we're not
talking about replacing your meals we're
talking about adding juicing as a
supplement to your diet work wherever
you are if you have time to toast a
bagel in the morning you got time to
create a healthy green habit in the
morning because you know celebrities do
do love it and there's something in it
because because you get new thing gets
better celebrities love it but you don't
have to be a celebrity to enjoy the
benefits of juice and if you have five
minutes in the morning and twenty bucks
a week you too can can have a healthy
green habit can I speak for everybody
that loves food and eats real food it's
got to taste good man Chris Reed's
favorite one so Michelle Michelle
Williams is the first one you're gonna
show I do I have Michelle Williams this
is called Michelle's leafy green
goodness has a lot of greens in it we're
gonna put some kale in it a little green
apple which is lower than sugar with in
red
you know it's not sour you can add as
much Apple as you like to the juice and
you can sort of sweeten it I like to add
a little lemon too isn't it better to
have the full fiber from the thing as
opposed to just the juice with the bean
such a concentrated amount the juice you
get the benefits quicker into your blood
of course a lot of the juices in the
book we add to a blender and if you want
the fiber just blend the greens yeah
more of a smoothie you can toss the
spinach the kale into the blender for
this drink we're adding a little Swiss
chard have you ever juiced with Swiss
chard before what do you think I like it
but I also I'm weird
it's a little sweet this is right here
Hilary Swank's you're looking at me
skeptically did you never ever look at
you skeptically I know from last time
you're not a huge fan of the green sour
yeah alright then this is gonna be more
for you this is this is a little sweeter
cucumber a little green apple but the
star of this one for you this is ginger
actually keep it really sweet like I
choose for Evan and he loves the carrot
juice it's kids love it it's a great to
interact with kids
ginger is great digestive aid
anti-inflammatory try the orange when
you I think you'll like it better than
the green I promise
is this Blake Lively orange okay a
little sweeter than the first one you're
right like that Blake Lively's I've
always wanted to drink Blake Lively what
do you think
with collard greens what do you think of
color I love green collard greens loaded
with calcium well this is this is the
ingredients of pineapple and mint it's
like a green cheeto but you're getting a
full in one drink you're getting a full
day supply of vitamin c ke it's a
fantastic way to drink you're going home
with a copy of Eric's book the juice
generation and a Jack LaLanne juicer
you